-----------   Python --------------------
Application for the Position of Python Developer
Dear Head of Recruitment,

As a Python Developer with 5+ years of experience working on ground-breaking software solutions within digital communications, I apply with great interest for this opportunity.

As a Python expert I code, test, and operate python-based services. Mirroring the requirements of your role, I:

Write reusable, testable, and efficient code for client projects (SMEs through to global conglomerates)
Develop incredible new features and improve existing software features
Am an expert in Python, HTML, TestComplete, SQL, NoSQL, Flask, Django, and Celery
In addition to my experience, I hold a Bachelor of Computer Science and have an extensive Website portfolio (https://alexsmith.herokuapp.com/). I have been consistently recognized for my ability to  design and develop elegant and performant code, for solving technical challenges with awesome solutions, and for being trusted to interact directly with client project team members to support live customer deployments.

Because of COVID-2019, I left my previous company and I am looking for a new remote job now.

Please find attached my resume for your consideration. 
I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, +12132603896 or via email at alexsmithsuperstar1004@gmail.com.
Thank you very much for your time. I look forward to hearing from you regarding next steps.

Yours faithfully,

Alex Smith


--------------------------- software Developer------------------------
Dear Hiring Manager:

This letter is to express my interest in your posting on Indeed.com for an experienced Software Developer. With a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and hands-on experience using .Net languages to create and implement software applications, I am confident I will be an asset to your organization.

I enjoy being challenged and engaging with projects that require me to work outside my comfort and knowledge set, as continuing to learn new languages and development techniques are important to me and the success of your organization.

Your listed requirements closely match my background and skills. A few I would like to highlight that would enable me to contribute to your bottom line are:

Highly skilled in designing, testing, and developing software
Thorough understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledgeable of back-end development best practices
Hands-on software troubleshooting experience
Proven track record of proper documentation for future maintenance and upgrades
I’ve attached a copy of my resume that details my projects and experience in software development. I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, +12132603896 or via email at alexsmithsuperstar1004@gmail.com.

Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you about this opportunity.

Sincerely,

Alex Applicant



Dear Hiring Manager,

Enclosed please find my resume, which I am sending in response to your recent ad for a Software Developer. I have extensive experience in software programming and design and I feel that my professional and educational background will satisfy the requirements of this position.

I have consistently met the challenges presented in this field over the past 6+ years as a professional Software Developer. My attention to detail, organizational skills and strong communication abilities have allowed me to lead software development teams and ensure the success of each project assigned to me. I have worked in both Unix and Linux environments and am skilled in T-SQL and MS SQL programming as well as C/C++. I also possess functional knowledge of C# and Java and have worked with Agile methods.

The following highlights my experience and abilities:

Analyzed and updated many in-house applications.

Created a global e-commerce platform for Gyroscope Systems

Led a team of three developers to create and implement object-oriented applications for Comb Technologies

Oversaw integration of web services with Firefly clients for Black Spherix Systems

Certifications in C and C++

Certified Software Tester (CSTE) and Certified Software Quality Analyst (CSQA)

Awarded Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from University of Toronto.

In the position you are offering, I will continue to bring my leadership, troubleshooting and problem solving skills to ensure the timely completion of all assignments and guarantee company success and customer satisfaction. I look forward to speaking with you about my background and qualifications at your earliest convenience.
I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, +12132603896 or via email at alexsmithsuperstar1004@gmail.com.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

Alex Smith


--------------------------- Senior Software Engineer------------------------
Dear Hiring Manager,

With six+ years of experience in full-stack web development and systems architecture, I am confident I will be an excellent fit for your company’s next Senior Software Engineer. My experience has provided me with the innovative and technical skills necessary to successfully provide your company with multifaceted technical solutions across a wide range software platforms.

At CourStorm, I was responsible for leading the development for three high-traffic ecommerce websites that offer users customizable documents. I oversee the building of innovative systems architecture via Kohana and Laravel frameworks, HTML5, CSS3/SASS, JavaScript/React, MySQL, and ElasticSearch.  I was instrumental in structuring several internal systems comprising order entry/management tools, conversion/revenue reporting, and production workflow tracking, as well as designed custom REST APIs built in Python, Laravel PHP, and NodeJS. I also successfully collaborate on solutions with our product, QA, and marketing teams to offer the best user experience to build higher customer lifetime value.

I have refined my strengths through six years of experience in DevOps, where I provided solutions in database technology, programming, operating systems. The following is a snapshot of my broader technical skills:

Agile Project Management
Custom Web and Mobile Applications
Database Programming
Data Science
Networking Devices and Tools
It would be a pleasure to learn more about your company's needs, and I would welcome the chance to provide further insight into my knowledge of project management, technical abilities, personal attributes, and track record of success in building revenue generating web technologies compatible across multiple platforms, browsers, and devices.

Thank you for considering my candidacy for this position. I hope to hear from you soon to schedule an interview.
I can be reached anytime via my cell phone, +12132603896 or via email at alexsmithsuperstar1004@gmail.com.

Sincerely,

Alex Smith



--------------------------- Backend developer (Pyhton) -------------
Hello, Hiring Manager.

I have the ability to create back-end code that will add utility to everything the front-end designer creates. I’m passionate about the impact my skills can have in the real world, and firmly believe that I can create innovative solutions to business processes and problems which will ultimately lead to a better user experience.

With my previous experience in using an array of programming languages and my expertise at delivering high quality and user rich solutions on time, I see myself as a good fit for your role. I possess a proven and verifiable track record in building and managing mass-market ecommerce sites.

In short, I can bring to your company my ability to take finished front-end code and gives it working functionality. I possess an in-depth understanding of both front end and back end technologies, and am very good at defining what success looks like. Furthermore I am proficient in Microsoft and Web Technologies such as C#, ASP.Net, SQL Server, Visual Studio, HTML and CSS.
 I am familiar with all programs and tools in your description, including Python, SQL, AWS (EBS, EC2, RDS) , Redis, and RabbitMQ. I am also a skilled user of Composer, Drush, Git, and Agile methodologies.

My ambition is to reach the very top of my profession and to work with other leading developers in this field. On a personal level I am able to both give and take feedback. Furthermore I am committed to constantly improving myself by learning new technologies and frameworks.

Right now I am looking for a full time position with a company like yours, where success is built on the quality of its people and its reputation.

Please do not hesitate to contact me to arrange an interview.

Yours sincerely,

Alex Smith